         Key Statistics on the Doctronic Pilot Program: ​
     Assessment of the First Five Months from January Through April


Background Information for Consideration

  ●​ The number of patients so far is limited because the pilot is still in Phase One, so we
     should expect these numbers to change over the coming months.

  ●​ The data is based on reports from Doctronic physicians reviewing interactions. The
     Office of AI Policy has initiated a separate, independent review of the interactions.

Outcomes

  ●​ Overall Approval Rates

         o​ In 72% of cases, Doctronic's AI recommended prescription renewal, which then
            went to a human physician for review.

                 ▪​   The other 28% of users had their case escalated to a physician due to
                      case characteristics.

                         ●​ Case characteristic examples include the patient needing new lab
                             work, presenting complications, or having gone too long since
                             their last healthcare visit.​


  ●​ In the 72% of Cases Where the AI Recommended Renewal

         o​ In 91% of cases, the reviewing physician agreed that a renewal was appropriate
            based on the AI’s gathered information.

                 ▪​   In the other 9% of cases, the reviewing physician wanted additional
                      information, such as a confirmatory lab or more details about symptoms.
                      A follow-up telehealth appointment was held before sending the renewal
                      authorization to the pharmacy.

                 ▪​   Additionally, when the supervising physician requested more information,
                      a second physician provided an opinion. In most cases, the second
                      physician disagreed with the first physician's concern, feeling the
                      additional information was unnecessary.

                                                                                         5/19/26
                     ●​ In 97% of cases, either the first or second reviewing physician
                        found the renewal authorization appropriate based on the
                        information the AI had gathered. This reflects expected
                        inter-reviewer disagreement.

                     ●​ For reference, some related studies suggest a roughly 5-12%
                        human clinician error rate for this task, with disagreement rates
                        between human prescribers being described as moderate. The
                        Office also cautions that clearly analyzing the applicability of the
                        existing academic literature to the patient population Doctronic is
                        serving will require more work.

                     ●​ Additional analysis is needed to clearly determine whether any of
                        the AI's approval recommendations fell outside the norm for
                        reasonable prescription renewal behavior, or whether the 9%
                        disagreement stems solely from inter-reviewer disagreement.

                         ​


●​ In the 28% of Cases Where the AI Escalated to a Physician Without
   Recommending Renewal

      o​ When the AI declined to recommend renewal without further information, a
         human telehealth appointment was arranged.

             ▪​   For these patients, 69% of physician reviews agreed that the escalation
                  was appropriate, and more information was needed to authorize a
                  renewal.

             ▪​   In the other 31% of cases, the physician determined the escalation was
                  overly cautious.

                     ●​ For a new system like this, overcaution is appropriate and
                        welcome. In the long term, reducing overcaution without
                        compromising safety would improve patient access to care, but we
                        aren't rushing to see that happen.




                                                                                      5/19/26
